Extra information about how to escape an @ as the first char in kv value (#25792)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/index.mdx

$ vault kv put secret/password value=@data.txt
```

> If you intend the value supplied to begin with an `@` character, then escaping
> using a `\` will instruct Vault not to attempt to parse the value as a file location:
> 
> ```shell-session
> $ vault login -method userpass username="mitchellh" password="\@foo"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use values that begin with an `@` character, escape the character with a
backslash (`\`) to keep Vault from parsing the value as a file location:

```shell-session
$ vault login -method userpass username="mitchellh" password="\@foo"
```

Style correction: write in active voice
